# Relevant Information from Different Articles

* **P. Agnes et al. (Phys. Lett. B 743, 2015)**
	* *Section II, page 459:* the 128 mm scintillation photons are emitted from two nearly degenerate excimer states, a long-lived triplet state (1.5 microseconds) and a short-lived singlet-state (6 nanoseconds). The difference in ionization density between nuclear recoils and electron recoils produce different ratios of these states, resulting in a different time profile of the scintillation signal S1. More precisely, nuclear recoils have a grater fraction of singlet-states, such that they have a faster scintillation component when compared with electron recoils (this results in a higher f90 value).

* **I. Albuquerque and M. Wada (Int. Note from the DS-50 Collab., 2105)**
	* *Section II, page 2:* the total nuclear recoil energy has two components, a fraction goes into the formation of excited states and ions, which give rise to the scintillation and ionization signals detected. However, a considerable fraction of the total energy is transferred to the motion of surrounding atoms, resulting into heat. This second component is larger than the first, such that a considerable part of the nuclear recoil energy is lost, unable to be detected. In general we can consider the nuclear recoil energy to be written as the sum of two components: E_nr = E_q + E_H. Here, E_H is the fraction lost to heat and E_q the fraction of energy actually detected. As such, we can define a "nuclear quenching factor" f_n = E_q/E_nr, that is, how much of the total energy is converted into a detectable signal.

* **T. Alexander et al. (Phys. Rev. D 88, 2013)**
	* *Section I, page 5:* the scintillation yield, that its, the strength of the S1 signal, decreases with increasing external electric field. Also, lower recoil energies feel this effect more strongly, as summarized in Figure 7. The presence of an external field can reduce light yield by reducing the probability of ion-electron recombination, one of the processes that produces scintillation light. This effect should depend on the size of the external field relative to the field due to the ionization of the medium, the later which depends on the ionization density along the path of the recoil. In turn, this depends on the energy of the recoiling energy. Overall, this relation explains the pattern seen in Figure 7 and show that recombination plays an important role on the formation of S1.

* **B. Lenardo et al. (arXiv:1412.4417v3, 2015)**
	* *Section I, page 1:* Figure 1 concisely encapsulates most of the physics involved in the detection of signals in liquid noble gas TPCs. It might be worth to use it exactly, or make a similar one with it as reference.
